Document (#4)
AshAninze/synthetic-data-rough-note: notebooks/intro.qmd

# Current NHS Artificial Data Limitations

The existing NHS artificial data, while perfect at preserving patient privacy, it does not preserve the complex relationships and dependencies that exist between different attributes in reality. 
This is a limitation for any predictive demand modeling.

## Lost Relationships

The main issue is that while the dataset accurately reflects univariate distributions of attributes (for example, containing the correct number of 49-year-olds and the correct number of females), 
it fails to capture the complex, multivariate relationships between them. For instance, the dataset might tell you how many 49-year-olds and how many females, but it cannot tell you how many 
49-year-old females with diabetes in a specific postcode. This lack of relation makes the data unsuitable for training predictive models required for tasks like demand forecasting and patient intervention.
The official NHS Digital documentation even explicitly states that the data is not intended to be used for building statistical models.

## Impact on NHP Model

> The National Healthcare Predictor (NHP) model is reliant on multivariate relationships for accurate demand prediction. Without these complex relationships, models trained on the existing artificial 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The New Hospital Programme (NHP) model is reliant on multivariate relationships for accurate demand prediction. Without these complex relationships, models trained on the existing artificial 

```
